Ye Xian
You are amazing
Let's catch monsters
Occupy the list of all top live streaming hosts
In an instant, our reputation was established
I'm getting a lot of calls right now.
They are all here to inquire and join our new platform.
thing
Of course!
We received 700 for swiping gifts alone.
As long as it doesn't work
That's not hell
Anyway.
Our new platform ringtone is self-counted.
This is just the first step.
After your brand matures
Plus our exclusive hum
Enough strength to acquire monk opportunities
At that time, I will let this He Xiaoze
You know what despair is, haha.
Hahahaha
The young master found out
This main TV
It's a new brand under Summit Media
Just brushing gifts these days has burned 20 billion
What!
Isn't that kid out of money?
Where did you get 20 billion?
It's not clear if this is a genus difference.
However, due to the influence of major TV
The live broadcast platform of our group's investment
He's going to keep falling
According to speculation
Not for a year
Mainly it will become a
Unprecedented super platform people
At that time, it will exceed our award.
Are you talking about me?